#q1=
I am interested in the support of high level and very high level computer
languages by means of hardware and firmware ,microprogramming,.
This can include the design of languages such as APL, SETL, or ADA and
the architecture of the machines designed to support the high level language 
,HLL,. The topics may include the design of the intermediate language ,or 
machine architecture, or the data structures or other theoretical results 
useful in the direct execution of HLL.
;
#q2=
Application of category theory to the formal definition of languages for
programming and logic.
;
#q3=
I am interested in computer production of maps or map-like objects.
The topics of interest would be computer aids to acquisition of map data, such
as old maps, pictures or field data, editing and verifying maps, production of
maps using automatic machinery.
I am also interested in any psychological studies that might have been made of
factors contributing to clarity of maps, such as interference of symbols, 
color, line quality, etc.
;
#q4=
Topics relating to the parallel or concurrent execution of computer programs,
especially the logical specification of such programs, but also aspects of
software implementation and hardware realization of parallel systems.
;
#q5=
Models for software reliability assessment as well as for software performance
evaluation.
Also of interest are any studies that have been undertaken for validation
purposes.
;
#q6=
I am interested in computer architecture as applied to nonnumeric processing
as a general field.
Subfield include associative processors/memories supplied to data base 
management, data base machines and data base computers.
storage, central processing unit main storage configuration micro processor
data transfer, arithmetic logical unit array processor parallel processing
information retrieval data base database
;
#q7=
Main interest is the user-machine interface of particular interest are:  the
effects of artificial intelligence research on systems design, ways of making
systems user friendly, ways of instructing/educating through the use of a 
system.
;
#q8=
The theoretical foundations of information science, particularly the notions of
information, relevance, data, and aboutness, and the theory of indexing.
fuzzy, graph logic automata formal language information theory probability theory inductive logic context free language, chomsky computer science type 
hierarchies, type reduction, information retrieval, classification, index
;
#q9=
Computers and their impart on society:  Have any changes in our standard of
living been caused by the introduction of computing?
What effect has there been on the daily life of people in the general 
population? 
Have computers and the need for skilled professionals had any effect on
demographic patterns?
What new legal issues have been raised by the use of computers?
What have computers made possible which was not feasible previously?
Has the introduction of computers been beneficial to society as a whole?
;
#q10=
I am interested in the area of document representation in information 
retrieval, particularly controlled vocabulary systems.
Anything on controlled vocabularies ,i.e. thesauri, subject index terms, would
be useful but other things on document representation might be as well for
comparative purposes.
;
#q11=
I have two topics of interest which fall under the general category of 
Automated Library Systems:
1.  techniques of information retrieval from a bibliographic database, and
2.  techniques for analyzing a bibliographic database to identify phrases ,not
    just words, which occur frequently.
;
#q12=
Computer text editing and formatting ,word processing, on mini- and
micro-computers.
;
#q13=
Digital phase lock loops.
;
#q14=
I would like citations about abstract data types in programming language 
design. I am interested both in the practical aspects of syntactic design, 
typechecking, and implementations, as well as, the more theoretical aspects of 
semantics, particularly algebraic semantics, and proofs of correctness.
;
#q15=
Comparisons or evaluations of the commercially available report-generating
and/or file manipulating packages, such as MARK IV ,Informatics, Inc.,,
EASYTRIEVE ,Pansophic Systems,, etc.
data base management system, database, relational, storage.
;
#q16=
Cepstrum Analysis:  Applications to detection and elimination of multi-path
transmission distortion.
The term Cepstrum was first coined in 1963.
It is used to describe a novel mathematical method of processing data or
electrical signals.
The interest in the subject has been limited.
I am interested in extending its applications to additional problems.
;
#q17=
Of interest:  any information on quantum communications - superluminal ,faster-
than-light, communication-based on the Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen Paradox/Effect.
Jung's synchronicity ,esp. with W. Pauli, any connections between Heisenberg
uncertainty principle and communication.
General area:  physics and communication extrasensory perception ,ESP, and
physics, entropy and communication.
;
#q18=
LISP design and implementation - compilers and interpreters.
programming language, smalltalk, high level language, syntax diagram, symbols
;
#q19=
Resolution and theorem proving.
;
#q20=
Logic programming.
;
#q21=
Solution methods for simultaneous linear equations using:
 i, software means
ii, hardware/firmware means
Special processors on "fast" matrix inversion
;
#q22=
Verification, assessment, and validation of computerized models ,mathematical
and simulation models,.
;
#q23=
I would like information on 16-bit microprocessors--particularly the
ZILOG 28000, the Motorola 68000, the Texas Instruments 9900, and the Intel, 
8086 but include other 16 bit micros if found.
;
#q24=
I am interested in learning about management information systems--functions,
design and interface considerations--what top management ,executive, etc.,
want and how to implement.
I really don't know much about the topic-that is why I want the search-to get
an overview and introduction.
;
#q25=
I am thinking of purchasing a "home computer".
I would like some articles about various makes and types - comparisons,
evaluations descriptions, etc.
Also what kinds of functions can I use them for - in terms of my own personal
and household use and for assisting in managing a very small business.
Any how to articles ,set up, programming, etc., would be helpful.
;
#q26=
Any information on voice activated computers - computers that understand and
respond to voice input or commands.
;
#q27=
The topic of interest to me is "the numerical solution of integral equations
of the first kind."
This is a problem in numerical analysis but journals such as Computing Journal 
and Journal for the Association of Computing Machinery have included articles
on this subject in the past.
Since this is a topic of current research, I hope you can find some references.
Thank you.
First kind equation:   integral sub a sup b k,x,y,f,y,dy = v,x, where k,x,y,
and v,x, are known and f,y, is to be determined.
It is called first kind because the unknown function appears only under the
integration sign.
Equations of this type are illposed and quite difficult to solve in general.
;
#q28=
What level of support in terms of hardware and personnel is needed to support
an undergraduate computer science and engineering program.
;
#q29=
I am interested in estimating Wildlife in a given region.
Problems on interest are ,i, How to sample the region, ,ii, Estimating the
total population ,iii, Estimating the number of types of animals ,iv, 
Properties of these estimators.
ecology, harvest, stability, eartch resources, biology, air pollution, resident
space, species
;
#q30=
All aspects of "paperless" communication systems, especially the substitution
of electronic communication by communication on paper.
The scope includes: 1, computer conferencing, 2, electronic mail, 3, the 
paperless office, 4, electronic publishing, 5, interactive television, 
including Viewdata and similar systems.
;
#q31=
Economic design of cumulative sum control charts including determination of
average run length.
;
#q32=
I am interested in user interfaces that simplify the use of information
retrieval systems.
For example, searchers who use multiple systems ,Dialog, Orbit, BRS, etc.,
face the problem that each system has a different command languages and
features.
The CONIT interface ,MIT, Marcus and Reintjes, solves this problem by allowing
the searcher to use one command language to search multiple systems.
I would like citations on interfaces that deal with the following problems:
1, identification and selection of appropriate data bases, 2, divergent command
languages and protocols in different systems, 3, different subject terminology
in different data bases ,how to translate,.
;
#q33=
geo-coding.
I am at present researching on different techniques and applications of
geo-coding to urban and regional planning and management.
Basically I want to know how it is done, how it is managed, how it is applied
and what are the evaluations of it.
picture processing, pattern recognition, region analysis, image data, spatial
clustering, region, dispatching, cartography, mapping, boundary, surface,
scene, transportation planning, intrametropolitan travel, community
;
#q34=
Bayesian analysis of component and system failures including considerations for
selecting a proper prior distribution.
;
#q35=
I am looking for documents on STRUCTURED TECHNIQUES which include STRUCTURED
ANALYSIS, STRUCTURED DESIGN, and STRUCTURED PROGRAMMING.
;
#q36=
I am interested in artificial intelligence applications in information systems
,information retrieval data base management, computer-assisted instruction,.
Specific examples of artificial intelligence applications would include
pattern recognition, natural language understanding, question-answering
and learning.
I am also interested in any documents which discuss developments in knowledge
engineering or cognitive science.
;
#q37=
I am looking for material on information retrieval systems ,or interfaces to
systems, implementing non-Boolean searching.
This would include associative retrieval, automatic thesaurus, best-match
searching, iterative searchings, feedback incorporation during searching,
searching by clusters or clustering of results.
;
#q38=
Information content analysis of documents--to be used in a study of the amount
of duplication of concepts among documents retrieved by a subject search on
an information retrieval system.
;
#q39=
Computer aided design of integrated circuits especially for MSI ,Medium Scale
Integration, and VLSI ,Very Large Scale Integration, circuit design 
applications also any computer aided design techniques of IC's using regular 
structures ,Programmable logic arrays, "PLA's:, uncommitted logic arrays, 
silicon compilers, functional gate arrays,.
;
#q40=
Key word:  software reliability test
Description:  Due to the nature of the programming, errors will be introduced
during the design and implementation of the software.
The software test is needed to verify or validate the quality of the product.
Reliability is one major measurement of the quality.
The reliability can be defined as "no failures occur within a specific period
of time."
;
#q41=
I am interested in any studies, reports, articles, etc. on the effect CRT
screens have ,adverse, positive, etc., on the eyes.
Would include such things as how many hours exposure to CRT screen can be
had before eye strain etc. are induced.
Alternatives to CRT screen??
What work has been done in this area and why?
;
#q42=
Design and applications of high speed data acquisition systems utilizing 
microprocessors 8080 or Z-80 boards.
Data is directly fed into an analog interface and stored on digital tape or
cassette.
;
#q43=
I am considering recommending the purchase of the GEAC 8000 Library System for
circulation automation.
,I have been unable to find any impartial technical report on the GEAC 8000
computer and would like to know more about its development.,
GEAC is a Canadian firm but I understand the concepts for the "innards" of it
are based on the design of the computers used by the Swiss banking community.
;
#q44=
How does the terminal handling capacity of a GEAC 8000 computer compare with
that of a General Eclipse S/140?
;
#q45=
What are the advantages of optical character recognition ,OCR, versus bar 
codes--particular in a library setting?
What are the advantages of Code 39 bar codes ,the short ones, over other bar 
codes?
;
#q46=
What computer languages are best suited for the full range of library 
automation applications?
Is PL/1 included?
If so, what are the characteristics of PL/2 which make it particularly 
applicable for library applications?
;
#q47=
What is the Huffman text compression developed at MIT in the 1950's?
How much would use of this technique affect requirements for disk storage?
;
#q48=
The GEAC 8000 computer uses four or five multiprocessers hooked together rather
than one CPU, the architecture may be similar to that of Tandem computers.
What are the advantages of this type of architecture over that of one CPU
,e.g. A Data General Eclipse S/140,?
;
#q49=
Is there a trend toward "special purpose" computers?
What are the advantages of designing a CPU to serve the kinds of systems it
specialized in rather than using a general purpose microcomputer?
;
#q50=
Are there any micro-processor controller terminals on the market?
How does Informer 314 compare with them?
What are the features of Informer 314 terminals which make daisy-chaining
easier?
A layman's explanation of daisy-chaining and polling loops would be helpful.
;
#q51=
How does MIIS compare with the ZOPL language for library information
processing?
Which of the two is faster?
;
#q52=
Is there a trend toward "user cordial" systems where the users with no computer
background can search the data base using natural language?
;
#q53=
What would be the advantages of having two 192 MB disk drives over one 300 MB
disk drive?
;
#q54=
On-line authority files for bibliographic control in libraries, in particular
those interactive with on-line bibliographic record files.
To include name, subject, and series authority files.
;
#q55=
What is the X-25 Protocol?
When is this industry standard likely to be implemented?
;
#q56=
I am interested in non linear, inelastic analysis of space frames, trusses
,in particular, transmission towers,.
Since most of the computational methods involve the computer, they should be
covered by computer journals.
;
#q57=
I am interested in receiving citations on Trace Driven Modeling.
;
#q58=
Advantages and disadvantages in using DBMS's.
Transaction Processing in relation to DBMS.
DBMS performance tuning.
;
#q59=
Comparison and/or mapping of different data models, especially the CODASYL
,DBTG, model and the relational model.
This is for an annotated bibliography that I am preparing on that topic.
This is within the area of data base management.
;
#q60=
I am interested in articles and books about interactive query languages for
generalized database management systems.
The articles may be either theoretical or practical, and they may consider
any aspect of query languages, including mathematical and linguistic
backgrounds, human factors, and correspondences between query languages and
general-purpose programming languages.
;
#q61=
Technical literature published since 1977 pertaining to the representation of
large mathematical sets on computer hardware, and algorithms for their union,
intersection, and complement.
In particular the application of this technology to database management systems
or other manipulation of large databases.
;
#q62=
Keywords:  hashing, scatter storage, random access retrieval, associative
retrieval, open addressing.
;
#q63=
I am interested in the topic of automatic computer recognition of logic
schematic diagrams to automatically dispense them.
This is the general area of computer vision and pattern recognition--automatic
input of diagrams.
image processing recognition, fourier transform, textual pattern
;
#q64=
,Patent Info Sources, or ,Computers and Patent Searching, and ,World and
U.S. Patent Info Sources,.
;
#q65=
Can you do another run for me.
The KWIC index which you might look at are:
1, Geo-coding
2, Urban and regional information system
3, Urban information system
4, Regional information system
5, Geographical information system
;
#q66=
I would like information on the design of memory management devices and
software.
A large addressing space will be used for multitasking, and the memory
management should provided for memory relocation and protection.
The memory management unit should regulate access to dedicated storage
segments.
;
#q67=
1.  Hardware Multiplers
2.  Multipler Algorithms
;
#q68=
We are studying the problem of construction of efficient decision trees.
Construction of optimal decision trees is an NP-complete problem and, 
therefore, a heuristic approach for the design of efficient decision trees 
is considered. The approach is based on information theoretic concepts and the 
algorithm provides us with a simple procedure for the construction of
near-optimal decision trees.
;
#q69=
Use of APL capability of Tektronix 4012 terminal in producing graphics.
;
#q70=
My primary interest are in the numerical solution of integral equations.
Integral equations are frequently classified as either Volterra or Fredhohn
equations.
I am NOT interested in Volterra equations.
Those of Fredhohn type are further subdivided into First and Second Kind.
In addition the equations may be linear or nonlinear and may have singular
kernels.
I am most specifically interested the following areas:
1, Integral equations of the first kind.
Problems involving these equations are often referred to as ill-posed problems.
2, Nonlinear equations.  These include Hammerstein and Urysohn equations.
3, Equations with singular kernels.  These kernels include the Hilbert-Schmidt
kernels.
;
#q71=
Scheduling computer tasks, performance evaluation of computers and computer
communication systems.
Solution to large scale system of linear equations by traditional and parallel
processors.
;
#q72=
Effectiveness of Management Information Systems ,MIS,.
Do MIS perform as planned?
Do they meet stated goals?
or
Performance appraisal systems for software employees ,programmers,.
;
#q73=
I am interested in obtaining a bibliography on concurrency control mechanisms
designed for use in distributed systems.
The area should include both process synchronization and distributed data base
access synchronization with special emphasis on citations describing
implementations or designs using the same synchronization printings for both
functions.
I am interested both in software based implementations ,specialized languages
or operating systems, and in hardware based implementations.
I would also be interested in more abstract treatments dealing with current
synchronization theory ,e.g. communication port, eventcounts, message passing,
etc.,.
;
#q74=
Would like a bibliography on current I/O devices used for interactive
information retrieval.
;
#q75=
Videotex ,variously known at Viewdata, Prestel, Videotext, Teletex, Teletext,
etc.,.
These systems provide low-cost, easy to use, two-way  information services by
linking computer data bases to adapted TV sets using either telephone networks
radio or TV broadcast, or broadband cable ,cable TV, for distribution.
Particularly interested in details of host computer, system software, and
decoded ,TV adapter,.
;
#q76=
I am interested in videodisc-based information storage and retrieval systems.
I would like information regarding existing systems in which a microcomputer is
interfaced to a videodisc player.
More generally, any information regarding the application of videodisc
technology to library-oriented requirements would be useful to me.
;
#q77=
Character string or name comparison and correction, esp. using bigram,
digram, trigrams, binary n-grams or microstructure information.
;
#q78=
'Microprocessor-based motor controller' i.e. servo-systems using 
microprocessors as a signal processor instead of the traditional amplifier 
circuits ,either linear or digital ones,.
Related to specific topic stated above are 'the use of microprocessor in data
acquisition systems' 'interfacing microprocessor with analog systems'.
;
#q79=
Computer applications for toxicology data collection, formatting and reporting.
Specifically, data analysis programs used to analyze toxicology tests.
Use of touch screens, menus on CRT for data display would prove interesting.
Toxicology Data Management would be another key word for this search.
;
#q80=
I am interested in information about file structures and supporting software of
computer systems which have been successfully used for thesaurus-controlled
information retrieval with large-scale integrated data bases.
;
#q81=
The decision to select database management system software/architecture for a
computer information system:  factors involved in making the decision,
analyses performed to support the decision process - cost/benefit, etc., post-
implementation evaluation of the architecture chosen.
;
#q82=
ED--THIS ONE WAS VERY HARD TO READ
All data and information relevant to understanding the present and future
impact on: 1, the Scientific Administration Regulating Committees in government
and non government ,a, technical ,b, administrative ,c, legal ,d, political
approach to handling problems identified under their mandates.
BY the rapidly increasing sophistications in the electronic identifying,
accessing, communicative analyzing of data and information - especially as driven
by distributed data base management technology
ALSO the effect of this technology on the relationships between government
and the information industry
ALSO the responsibilities of "resource owners" or network administrators on 
issues of QA/AC administrations of interpretation
;
#q83=
Computer techniques/methodologies for universal transaction drivers used in
interfacing screen driver software to data base management update modules.
Interest is in isolation handlers between terminal/screen operation and
selected DBMS.
;
#q84=
Interested in information on systems networking ,general, and user billing
mechanisms, to include algorithms.


;
